children with special needs struggle to
communicate so the children at the
Almanza school had expressed themselves
to beautiful works of art with every
painting the child was trying to say
something in order to reach out to the
world
and to get them a response in return
conversations was born an exhibition
that gave them a platform to establish a
dialogue with the world while allowing
the world to communicate back
a simple device allowed people to listen
to what the child had to say and then
record the response in return thus
completing the conversation hi Sharon
thank you for giving me such optimism
today the comment cards enabled people
to leave personalized messages while the
Facebook app let the conversations
continue well after the event the event
catalogues invites and messages across
multiple touchpoints generated momentum
and to drive PR we circulated a video of
the children to influential bloggers and
journalists as a result the event
attracted over 3,000 patrons all the
paintings were sold within just three
hours helping raise over two hundred and
twenty-five thousand theorems while
garnering a lot of media attention the
first time works by children with
special ease in the UAE are being shown
in a professional art gallery
side me allows people here tonight to
leave the children and miss it but the
real reward went to the Chile about
freedom that this gift their
conversations gave to us was that it
made my students feel exception and not
the exception like your pain even